Evan Miller
CS260
Jan 12 2019

=== Design and Implementation Plan Questions ===

Below are a few questions about how you will design your program and your
implementation plan. It is crucial to have a reasonable design and
implementation plan before you start your program. Without this, success is
unlikely. The following questions will help guide you in your thinking and
raise some important questions and issues. There is no single "right" answer
to each of the questions but there are some "wrong" answers. Some designs and
plans are better than others. The point here is for you to think about what
you're going to do.

Make a copy of this file and edit it, adding your answers then turn this
document in.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

1) What classes do you intend to create? List each of the classes and provide
a brief description of the role of that class. This list is not set in
stone. As you implement your program, if you find that you need additional
classes that are not in this list, or that something you listed here doesn't
really fit, that's ok. The point is to start thinking about the high-level
structure of your program.

My classes will be:

	1) datalogger, this class will contain the add, remove, and print data functions. 
	It will contain a linkedlist clas member. The data limits for windspeed, time, and temp are contained here. 
	
	2)LinkedList, this class will implement the tripple threaded linked list for windspeed, time, and temp. All the 	weather data will be stored in a linked list.  

	3) weatherdata, this class will be used to encapsulate the weather data.

2) Which class do you plan to implement first? Why?

	I will be creating the datalogger class first. I want to be able to print out data to test my other functions.
	A small sample data file will be created to pass through my datalogger to be printed. I will then move on to the 	linkedlist class.

3) What is your algorithm for finding the most common temperature and
windspeed values?

	My algorithm for finding the most common temp and windspeed:
	
	create a count array and count each data points frequency, increment the count values in a hash table, 
	then return data point with the highest associated count value. 
	

4) One approach to finding all of the values less than -50C is to check each
value as it is being inserted into the list. If the new value is less than
-50C then increment a counter. This approach will not work for this
program. Why not? 

	I want to be able to return the value and not just a counter. Also, iterating through each value will be 
	time consuming, especially if it's jsut to increment a counter. There are also three different data values bein passed	
	not just the value being sorted by temp. 

5) What is your testing strategy? Will you only use the given data file or
will you create smaller data files to help focus your testing?

	I will be creating a small test data file to test the program with. If I know what the program should output I can
	debug quicker. 

6) What is your strategy for finding and addressing memory leaks? Will you get
the whole program working first and then address memory leaks or will you
check on memory leaks as you go?

	I will check for mem leaks as I go. I plan to get the program to work after each class, test for leaks, 
	then add the next class.




